README.md, before:

# MapLibreGL add-on project for Vaadin

A Vaadin add-on that implements Java API for [MapLibreGL](https://maplibre.org) slippy map component.

Features:

 * Show vector tile maps as background layer
 * Plot markers, lines and polygons on the map using the "standard" JTS data types.
 * Binder compatible editor components for Point, LineString and Polygon data types.

For code examples, check out the src/test/java directory.

Online demos:

 * [Marker, MapTiler base layer & user geolocation](https://addons.dokku1.parttio.org/maplibre)
 * [Editor fields](https://addons.dokku1.parttio.org/maplibrejtseditors)

[Demo app showing the basic features]()

## Development instructions

Currently, the add-on is implemented purely with DOM API + JS calls. The required JS & CSS are injected on the fly. The rationaly was to avoid the need for custom front-end bundle -> easier to maintain and take in use in application projects.

### Development

Starting the test/demo server:
```
mvn jetty:run
```

This deploys demo at http://localhost:8080

### Integration test

TODO add integration tests :-)

## Publishing to Vaadin Directory

With commit rights to the repository, issue:

    mvn release:prepare release:clean

Configured GH action will build a release and push to Maven Central.

Commit message:

version updates and test fix (jackson 3 bit stricter on broken json 🤔)

README.md, after:

# MapLibreGL add-on project for Vaadin

A Vaadin add-on that implements Java API for [MapLibreGL](https://maplibre.org) slippy map component.

Features:

 * Show vector tile maps as background layer
 * Plot markers, lines and polygons on the map using the "standard" JTS data types.
 * Binder compatible editor components for Point, LineString and Polygon data types.

For code examples, check out the src/test/java directory.

Online demos:

 * [Marker, MapTiler base layer & user geolocation](https://addons.dokku1.parttio.org/maplibre)
 * [Editor fields](https://addons.dokku1.parttio.org/maplibrejtseditors)

[Demo app showing the basic features]()

## Development instructions

Currently, the add-on is implemented purely with DOM API + JS calls. The required JS & CSS are injected on the fly. The rationaly was to avoid the need for custom front-end bundle -> easier to maintain and take in use in application projects.

### Development

Starting the test/demo server:
```
mvn jetty:run
```

This deploys demo at http://localhost:8080

### Integration test

There are a couple of Playwright smoke tests in the src/test, but makes sense to check essential
test UIs manually.

## Publishing to Vaadin Directory

With commit rights to the repository, issue:

    mvn release:prepare release:clean

Configured GH action will build a release and push to Maven Central.
